# chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes

| This API is only for [extensions installed by a policy](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/1375694).

<br />

| **Important:** This API works **only on ChromeOS**.

<br />

<br />

## Description

Use the `chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes` API to read device attributes. Note: This API is only available to extensions force-installed by enterprise policy.

<br />

<br />

## Permissions

`enterprise.deviceAttributes`  

<br />

<br />

## Availability

Chrome 46+ ChromeOS only [Requires policy](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/9296680)

<br />

<br />

<br />

## Methods

### getDeviceAnnotatedLocation()

Chrome 66+

```typescript
chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes.getDeviceAnnotatedLocation(): Promise<string>
```

Fetches the administrator-annotated Location. If the current user is not affiliated or no Annotated Location has been set by the administrator, returns an empty string.  

#### Returns

  - Promise\<string\>  
Chrome 96+  

### getDeviceAssetId()

Chrome 66+

```typescript
chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes.getDeviceAssetId(): Promise<string>
```

Fetches the administrator-annotated Asset Id. If the current user is not affiliated or no Asset Id has been set by the administrator, returns an empty string.  

#### Returns

  - Promise\<string\>  
Chrome 96+  

### getDeviceHostname()

Chrome 82+

```typescript
chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes.getDeviceHostname(): Promise<string>
```

Fetches the device's hostname as set by DeviceHostnameTemplate policy. If the current user is not affiliated or no hostname has been set by the enterprise policy, returns an empty string.  

#### Returns

  - Promise\<string\>  
Chrome 96+  

### getDeviceSerialNumber()

Chrome 66+

```typescript
chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes.getDeviceSerialNumber(): Promise<string>
```

Fetches the device's serial number. Please note the purpose of this API is to administrate the device (e.g. generating Certificate Sign Requests for device-wide certificates). This API may not be used for tracking devices without the consent of the device's administrator. If the current user is not affiliated, returns an empty string.  

#### Returns

  - Promise\<string\>  
Chrome 96+  

### getDirectoryDeviceId()

```typescript
chrome.enterprise.deviceAttributes.getDirectoryDeviceId(): Promise<string>
```

Fetches the value of [the device identifier of the directory API](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/manage-chrome-devices), that is generated by the server and identifies the cloud record of the device for querying in the cloud directory API. If the current user is not affiliated, returns an empty string.  

#### Returns

  - Promise\<string\>  
  Chrome 96+

<br />